i get more comfortable with my experiences the more i relive them. but that doesn't mean i want to relive all of them. and this is one such, in an attempt to feel [[something]].

so months ago, signed up for a [[boxing]] bootcamp, why? for the [[plot]]. in a gist, i signed up to train and fight someone.

what was i thinking when i signed up? oh cool, this is going to be awesome.

on the day of the fight? shitting bricks, woke up early, anxious to the point where i didn't stop sweating through the night. constantly doubting and debating with myself, you can skip, it's fine no one cares. but no, you did sign up for it, just go, what's the worst that can happen. what's the worst that can happen. what's the worst that can happen?

i felt my own [[fear]].

the mid of the holiday season meant i was literally going alone, the venue reminded me of annual day from school. whole lot of people, heavy crowd, there were participants and each participant had 5 people with them. i hated the fact i went alone, it was awkward from the beginning, just sitting alone, walking around alone with my earphones on the whole time. why was i doing this to myself. after registration, i puked out of anxiety. it wasn't fun.

post my bathroom escapade, i came out and finally caught a glance at my opponent. nothing too scary, just very lanky, i was less worried about him and more about myself. my brain was my own enemy. so. many. thoughts. why am i doing this, why am i still doing this, is this right, is it wrong, violence is wrong, but this is consensual violence. just debating with myself entirely.

and when i thought shit couldn't get any worse it did. it was time to move towards the ring. and my legs were trembling. but i was on autopilot, and went ahead. awkwardly got into the ring, embarrassingly touched gloves, and as alien as this all felt, i'd given up entirely tbh.

just keep swimming
just keep swimming
just keep swimming

just go, get hit a couple of times, fall down, and we're done. easy. no, it never is

first round, got blasted by the other guy, and then someone smacked it into my head
>you've [[somehow]] made it, might as well see it properly to the end? why have a horrible second half.

and after that i just went all in, just punch after punch till the end. but what changed? a very particular [[boxing]] philosophy came back to my head, and decided to just go blank go for it. and i did. it ended pretty well, but i was still confused.

so just to understand violence at its purest form, i'd probably do this again but without my mindset, but rather a borrowed one.
